IIPMooViewer - HTML5 Ajax Viewer for IIPImage - Version 2.0

You first must have a working version of the IIPImage server running. 
See http://iipimage.sourceforge.net for details.

Create a pyramidal tiled TIFF image using VIPS (http://vips.sf.net) or 
imagemagick.

Then use and modify the path and image names in the example HTML page 
provided - index.html to create a working client :-)

You must include the mootools and iipmooviewer header files, as well as 
the iip.css stylesheet. For Internet Explorer, there is a separate ie.css 
file and ie7.js is used to fix alpha transparency in IE6. For further 
details see the HTML file included. You will find included both 
uncompressed and compressed versions of the javascript and css files made 
using Closure.


Options to the IIPMooViewer class constructor: (The only obligatory 
option is the "image" variable)

image: The full path to the image. On Windows as on other systems this 
       should be a UNIX style path such as "/path/to/image.tif"

server: The address of the IIPImage server. [default : "/fcgi-bin/iipsrv.fcgi"]

credit: a credit, copyright or information to be shown on the image itself

zoom: the initial zoom level on start-up

render: the way in which tiles are rendered. Either `random' where the 
        tiles are fetched and rendered randomly or 'spiral' where the 
        tiles are rendered from the center outwards [default : 'random']

showNavWindow: whether to show the navigation window. [default : true]

showNavButtons: whether to show the navigation buttons on start up: true 
        or false [default : true]

scale: pixels per mm

prefix: path prefix if images or javascript subdirectory moved (default 'images/')

enableFullscreen: allow full screen mode. Default true

winResize: whether view is reflowed on window resize. Default true

viewport: object containing x, y, resolution of initial view

protocol: iip (default), zoomify or deepzoom

annotations: An array of annotations containing struct with parameters x, y, w, h, title, text
	where x, y, w and h are the position and size of the annotation in relative [0-1] values,
	title is an optional title for the annotation and text is the HTML body of the annotation.
